hello everyone with you gameplay first on
Today gram is called chuck change 3d this
the game made for from the game but in the market but
compatible with mine but so i also
can you set yourself who haven't
tiger and calmly play her she
free available let's see
what is this hole and in general I did not understand
What does the trick because graphics here
normal nothing special and I do not know
developers people wanted to want
so it can be promoted in
Basically, the toy is good now
see for yourself all the missions
completely different this puzzle in
which you need to reach
portal for a short time and so time
will start only when we start
to play here on the board to consider
using a virtual joystick and what
the best thing is that he appears in
anywhere on the screen wherever you are
would click
so let's try to pass the commission I
already passed it and now approximately
I'll try to go through it quickly here.
in addition to such here
missions where you need to click on
buttons there are emissions where you need more
correct, probably how to say
move
platforms various different cubes for
to clear the way
there are also bridges here
fall after you pass on them
so doze in this game you do not
will have to but if you still fall from
the edges of the map you will not lose but there is
return button but if you click on
her then how do you say lose just
time but the game continue so here
already completely new yet similar
I saw but the meaning is immediately clear that
necessary on the yellow platform
place the yellow cubes in order
go on in principle a good arcade
good puzzle i love like
games and very glad that such here
the toy came out and appeared and will
please me some time yet
it will not pass or until we
Do not get tired of the second game called drag
racing four by four
this is basically normal yes ok racing but
all cars are licensed here that is
here you see i have in real
moment touareg is the original machine
all have such as was originally
what we have even have a UAZ it
hunter on from volkswagen touareg
nissan patrol
ford in general there is a lot of
machines and they are all licensed here in
principle
ford explorer sport very
nice is a miracle
so let's go back and take a look at myself
gameplay we start the race
Naturally you can upgrade. but
We do not and will most
cool that at the beginning of the game first
How to say a chapter is a chapter in Russia and
We play in Russia, respectively, and in
first race we went against UAZ
Hunter and in principle its enough
easily and quickly kicked the way in the second
the race turns out we are also going about
against UAZ on Tuareg
naturally i think touareg should
win and so on UAZ think in the end
of this chapter
but in Russia, I mean these UAZ will
just crazy probably with nitrogen with
forced engines and so on
it won't be easy to win them
the graphics here are basically good but how
tell you nothing special here
the usual drag racing car supposedly rides
quickly
flashes his location basically nothing
no need to do except
switch speeds first gas
for the most effective start who
likes drag racing download maybe
the game you like 3 game called
stick mobile wounds and there are two types
games single and multiplayer think on
it makes no sense to single
then the usual runner in which you
will need to jump and do
tackles and under various obstacles here
on multiplayer i recommend you
take a look and now show it to you so
now
us gizmos players it may take about
minutes when I played to review the players
very quickly found and so it should
click too raid and yes unfortunately we
there will be only one contender on in first
since I played with three at once, that's enough
interestingly tapa on the right side of the screen
we jump top on the left side of the screen
we roll everything here
obstacles in the form of various boxes in
the form of various chainsaws which
must be avoided and overcome them in
principle that's pretty interesting here if
if there were no multiplayer here , then I would
counted the game just a waste and not
worthwhile and show you but here
thanks to multiplayer multiplayer and
load on the site and make it very
interesting and dynamic because you
the hunt to choose and conquer all all
rivals and be the coolest in
general here is such a runner about our
beloved and minimalist stickman and
the average gram today is called engri
monster's is a regular timekiller in
which you will come to but will have a lot
press your screen many times
devices so i got to third of the mission
then canned food is all about
food and we need these
protect food from monsters
who will attack you and so
our task is to destroy 20 blue
Monsters before were tasks too
destroy a certain number of monsters
hold on a certain number of minutes
seconds and so on the meaning of the game
elementary we tap on the monsters we kill
thus we are passing a mission
Here is a simple toy that is
principle will serve you excellent
timekiller I probably today
say goodbye to everyone thank you very much for your
attention soon comes out
asphalt 8th place not mistaken August 8
I hope the release on android will not postpone
really looking forward to it all until we meet again
see our reviews visit the site
post your reviews there your news
and articles
we will read it all
and I also think it will be your other
All is still interesting to the colleagues
time to new meetings